>>REGINA MEREDITH: Today's topic
may seem like miracles to many,
if not most of us.
But to Jean Slatter,
these every day
miracles are simply
our own creation.
After writing
"Hiring the Heavens,"
people from around
the world began
writing to Jean telling of their
own miracles, which prompted
her to begin teaching
and lecturing
on how we can connect
with the "help"
on the other side of the veil.
Today she's a popular
guest on shows such as ours
as her story is one
of joy and hope.
And welcome, Jean.
I'm so happy to have you here.
>>JEAN SLATTER:
Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: And I have to tell
you after the last time we met,
the first time we
met, in fact, I
bought I think a
dozen of your books,
gave them all away to the
point I don't have one anymore,
and I keep hearing
from people about it.
And the other day
my son, Stewart,
was saying, hey, mom
do have that book,
"Hiring the Heavens?"
I need to give it to
a friend of mine who
really needs that book.
And I didn't have
one single one left.
I mean it's a tiny
little book, but probably
one of the most useful books--
>>SLATTER: It is.
>>REGINA: --anyone can have.
It is.
It's just useful.
So let's talk about you
and your start in all this,
because you didn't start
out looking for angels
and looking to
"Hire the Heavens."
>>SLATTER: Far from it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: I was running
from that subject.
I wanted nothing really
to do with anything
that was spiritual.
I just wanted to do my thing
as a traditional naturopath
and never mind about anything
about a spiritual level.
So what happened
to me, though, was
one of those pivotal moments
that changed everything.
It was so synchronistic
that there was just
no way that I could just
dismiss it as pure coincidence.
So here's what happened.
I was working with a client in
my business as a naturopath,
and I had a way of
talking to the body.
I actually use a
pendulum to get answers,
but the thing that the
body was telling me
was that I needed to
do a clearing, allergy
clearing for five
neurotransmitters.
Now neurotransmitters
are those chemicals
that your brain produces.
So I had to name all five.
At the time, I only
knew about four.
I could only come up with
four that the body wanted,
and yet, the body
said I have to name
that fifth neurotransmitter.
So I said to my client, we're
going to have to reschedule,
because I can't think of what
that fifth neurotransmitter is,
so give me some time
to research this.
And then my client who was
a layperson said, well,
is histamine a neurotransmitter?
And I said, no, histamine
is not a neurotransmitter.
Histamine's that stuff
your sinuses produce
when you have an
allergic reaction.
You know, that's why
you take antihistamines.
And then in the very next
moment, I turn around,
and I pull a book off my
shelf that I had purchased
one year prior and
had never looked at.
It falls open to a page with
the word histamine in the title.
So I immediately get
a chuckle out of it.
Oh, look at that, it's
talking about histamine.
And then in the next
nanosecond, my eyes
went to a line buried in
the paragraph that said,
"Histamine is also thought
to be a neurotransmitter."
That was the moment
when the hair stood up
on the back of my
neck and on my arms,
and frankly, I couldn't
wait to do the clearing
and get this client
out the door.
>>REGINA: And find out
what just happened.
>>SLATTER: I was reeling.
I sat there just
shaking, thinking, OK--
>>REGINA: Where
did that come from?
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
what's going on?
So the only thing that I could
come up with to explain that,
because you can't
explain that with--
>>REGINA: With just logic.
>>SLATTER: No.
The only thing that I could
come up with to explain it
is to imagine that I had
a spiritual physician
guiding me, and helping
me, and giving me
information about my clients.
And I thought, how
cool would that
be that I could actually
get inside information
from a higher source.
And so, from that
day on, I began
to call upon my
spiritual physician
as I would go to
work in the car.
I'd be driving down the
road talking and talking
to my spiritual physicians
saying, OK, today
we've got so-and-so coming in.
They've got issues with this
and that and can you help me
find the best herbal remedy,
or the best homeopathic?
And I started
receiving information
that was just far
beyond my training.
Words that would come to me
like, where did that come from?
So I was clearly
getting information.
So then I decided, wow,
if I'm getting help
with this technical
information, perhaps
there's help for other
aspects of my business.
I need a spiritual
time manager, and I
need a spiritual
marketer, and I need
a spiritual
financial consultant.
Could I bring those energies in
to work with me on my business?
And so I imagined hiring them.
And as soon as I did,
there was evidence
that I was getting help
on all those levels.
Every morning I had my
staff meeting in my car.
I talked to them just as they
were sitting right next to me.
And we'd have our meeting,
and if I needed more clients,
I'd talk to my spiritual
marketer and, boom,
I'd get clients.
If I needed my phone
calls held, I'd
talk to my spiritual secretary,
and say, hold those calls,
and my phone wouldn't ring.
>>REGINA: So
essentially, anything
that you put out
there was answered?
>>SLATTER: It was.
Do you know that I had
never hired anybody
on the physical level, because--
>>REGINA: You have them
on the spiritual level.
Well, you know
what's interesting,
you're talking about this
particular event that
had happened that gave you
this technical information
about the histamines.
But I can't help but think,
as with most people out here
watching this right now, that we
have had these kinds of things
happen in our life.
We do have these.
They're happening maybe
even more regularly
than we might think.
And at the moment we'll
recognize it and say,
that was weird, that was
weird, and then it's gone.
We don't give any
consideration to it.
Just one of those,
well, that was weird.
But in reality, if we
were paying attention
to what's going on,
these little miracles
are happening all
the time around us.
But you took advantage
of the situation.
You grabbed the
reins and decided
I'm going to actually
start using it.
If it's there, let's use it.
So now, angels, the notion of
help has been around forever.
Many references to it in all
the great religious texts
about beings, angels,
archangels, and so forth.
And there was a
little survey done.
I have it right here.
Baylor University, although
that has a religious connota--
affiliation, Baylor
University did a study
in their studies of religion.
And it was asking people if they
believed in guardian angels?
And in that poll,
55% of the people
did believe in guardian angels.
Including one in five
of those who said
they were not religious
at all, but who
felt that they had been
protected by a guardian
angel at some point
during their lives.
So this is really pervasive,
yet, we don't use it.
We don't call on it.
Why is that?
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Yeah.
We believe in it, and we have
this sense that it's there,
and yet it isn't the common
language that you hear.
And we do tend to dismiss
those things that happen,
and think of it as
merely coincidence.
But if we capitalize on
that, and we culture that,
nurture it, oh my gosh, we
can experience that far more.
We can experience
that on a daily basis.
>>REGINA: But the reality is
all these same religions that
refer to archangels and to
the angelic realms are also--
and I don't mean this
particularly negatively,
but most of the
world's religions
do put the person
in a lesser position
to the hierarchy of
God and so forth.
And so we feel like we're
somehow less or not entitled.
Many people.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: And then we tend
to only if we-- usually,
if you get a bad diagnosis,
or something horrible
has happened, or your
wife's about to leave you--
oh, please, God, if you
don't let this happen,
I promise I'll be better.
That's how most people--
>>SLATTER: Yeah, it
goes into crisis mode,
and we go into
pleading, and begging,
and please help me
out, rather than
in a position of commanding.
And that was an
extraordinary secret
that I found out as
I started working
with this more and more.
I mean, I didn't just
keep it with my work.
I expanded this into
every aspect of my life.
And at first, I
thought I was being
very audacious to
ask for something
that was purely selfish.
Like, one of the things that
I asked for the first time
was a spiritual wardrobe
consultant to go with me
and help me pick
out some clothes.
>>REGINA: We're women, right.
>>SLATTER: And I thought
that was rather brave of me.
And I thought they're not going
to listen to that request.
And yet, they did.
And then the next thing I did is
ask for help with my children,
and ask for a spiritual
attitude adjuster.
And then I asked for
a spiritual mechanic,
and then I asked for a
spiritual connoisseur
as we went on a trip.
And everything that
I asked for, it
was jaw dropping, oh, my gosh.
I am getting everything
that I'm asking for.
And it was so
amazing to me that it
was quite clear that they
are, this unseen dimension,
is willing to help
out and delights
in helping out in every
aspect of your life.
And then it occurred to me.
They never wanted
to be separate,
and they never wanted
to be just sitting
back waiting for a crisis.
OK, will they please call on us.
>>REGINA: Right, right.
And I mean we can take this
a number of different ways.
Another way to also
tap into it, and I
know that you've had a lot
of experience with this
as well, is that we say
is it an external force
or is it a higher aspect of
ourselves that is reaching
into the quantum field
of all information
and then bringing
this information
and these potentials
back into our reality?
And the truth is, it
really doesn't matter.
>>SLATTER: It doesn't matter,
and it's a wonderful way
to live your life.
It brings about a
whole different grace.
It brings about
grace in your life.
But I will say this.
I have talked to enough people
that are clairvoyant and see
angels, that I've come
to believe in angels.
I am not clairvoyant, but
one of my favorite stories
was of a lady who
called me up and said
that she has worked
with the angels
ever since she was very
young and sees them.
And after she read
my book, though, it
brought in a dimension
she had not thought about.
Because she, like most people,
had only used the angels
for the big ticket items
or for a time of crisis.
And carefully used
that resource.
Didn't want to push it too far.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SLATTER: But after
reading my book,
and I encourage people to bring
that energy in for everything
that you're doing in your life.
So she put together a
committee, a committee of angels
for every aspect of her life.
She had a life path committee.
She had a relationship
committee.
She had a committee
for her children,
for her work, every
aspect of her life.
And she took an entire
evening to fill out
all of her committee pages,
writing them all out,
telling them what she
wanted them to do.
Exhausted, she fell asleep.
The next morning when she woke
up, because she's clairvoyant,
when she opened her eyes,
she saw them everywhere.
She said there was so
much commotion going on,
she could hardly believe
what she was seeing.
And she said there were even
some that she hadn't hired,
saying, we heard
you were hiring.
Have you got a job for us?
And they were showing
her like a resume
of what they were good at.
So it helped me to
realize that there-- it
doesn't matter what specialty
you're talking about.
There is a specialist in this
unseen dimension to help you.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And you know, Jean,
that's, I think,
one of the most important things
for me in reading your book.
I'm very comfortable
with all of this.
And I've been talking
with my guides
and utilizing them
for many, many years.
However, just like the
women you spoke about,
I'd go months without
asking for any kind of help.
I'd just slog through and just,
I can figure this out on my own
and do it on my own.
And really, it wasn't until I
read that book that I realized,
what am I waiting for?
Why have I wasted so much of my
own personal resources trying
to work through or
figure something
out when you can get
the information so much
more quickly doing it this way?
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
That's right, and
it's so simple.
It's just as near as
your next thought.
All you have to do is imagine
that the spiritual world
is every bit as complex
as our own physical plane.
And that just like we have-- if
you open up the yellow pages,
you'll find carpenters, you'll
find marketing specialists,
you'll find interior decorators.
Well, imagine that you have
the universal yellow pages,
and you'll find a
listing in there
for every possible
specialty you can imagine.
And even if you've never seen
a title for this position
on the physical
level, you can be
sure it's there on
the spiritual level.
>>REGINA: If you
can conceive of it--
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: --it's there.
>>SLATTER: So all you do is
imagine that that specialist is
there and available to
you, and then you ask.
And it's really
as simple as that.
It doesn't get any more
complicated than that.
People are always asking
me, well, how do I do this?
Exactly how do I ask?
And what do I say
and all of that?
Well, the one thing I tell
people is the beauty of this is
you can't.
There's no one way
to do this right,
and you can't get it wrong.
So merely talk to them like
they're your best friends.
You don't have to have
your P's and Q's all
lined up, and your
questions all in place.
You can be doing
it on the fly just
talking to them like you're
talking to a best friend
and saying, you know
what, I was kind
of thinking about doing this
and this, what do you think?
And maybe you could help
me out, and maybe you
could help me make some
decisions about that.
It can be as simple as that.
And I do my staff meetings
usually while I'm driving
or before bed, but
any time, any place,
there are no rules about this.
>>REGINA: So the real thing
here is only one thing,
and it's a little leap of faith.
For some people it's
not, but for most people
it's a leap of faith.
And that is, A, I'm totally
worthy of all the help
there is to be given.
And, B, it's by agreement
on the other side.
I'm worthy and it's there.
I mean, most people
have a hard time
in this cynical world thinking
there is actually help there.
Oh, that's nice sweetheart.
Sunshine, roses, angel
dust and everything,
not understanding this is
a very complex universe.
It's multi-dimensional
and a being
that I have a great amount
of respect for once told me,
I said, what is it with guides
and the whole notion of angels?
Why does our species
even need them?
I mean, what's up with that?
And they said because of a
rift within our own psyche
where we don't even know
our own deep history.
We can't even remember who
we are on a soul level.
>>SLATTER: That's it.
>>REGINA: Now we keep
talking about the great time
of awakening, which
we're in right now.
The idea is we're awakening
to ourselves, our memory
or recalling our memory of who
we are, what we're here to do.
Without that, it's very hard to
smoothly move through our life
and transition
into whatever it is
we're trying to transition into.
And they said for
this reason, there's
been an agreement
from the beginning.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: That other
realms will work with you,
and it is their pleasure
to work with you.
>>SLATTER: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Because
they grow, too.
Can you imagine what it's like
working with a human being that
doesn't know you're there,
and you're trying as best you
can to help them, and you
can't get through to them.
Imagine how clever--
>>SLATTER: And they won't ask.
>>REGINA: No, they won't ask.
The amount of
ingenuity and energy
it takes to get through
to one of us to help us.
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
yeah, my guidance
said there are thousands and
thousands of unemployed angels.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SLATTER: You never
have to worry about
that your bothering them.
You're giving them a
job, and they love that.
And you know,
about that, I think
that this is the
time where we really
have to come to an
awareness about this,
because we have talked about,
and many religious talk about,
how the God is within us.
And that we are all
one, and we're all
made of the same stuff.
And yet, how is it
that we can actually
live that in our everyday life?
How can we make that practical?
How can we take that
from being something
that we hear on--
at Sunday school
to something that we can apply?
>>REGINA: Engage with.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, and apply.
So is there a way that we can
bring that power right down
here to Earth to use
in our everyday life?
To me, this whole idea and
notion of hiring the heavens
is the quickest, fastest--
>>REGINA: It's direct.
>>SLATTER: And
funnest way to do it.
>>REGINA: There's
no ritual around it.
It doesn't matter what your
religious background is
or your spiritual
background, it's just there
to be dipped into and utilized.
And we have so many examples.
I learn well by
examples, and I would
love for you to share
a couple of examples.
I would like to share
a couple as well where
I've done the same thing.
And one of them I
really like is a story
about a little boy who had
a report due at school.
And you know which
one I'm talking about.
Could you share
that story with us?
>>SLATTER: Yeah, and I'm so
glad that you're asking me,
because even though this is in
the book, the ending is not.
And I'm going to tell it here.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SLATTER: What happened
was Logan needed
to do a report in grade school
for a famous football hero.
And he and all the
other boys decided
to do it on Joe Montana.
So he came home
frustrated from school
saying that all the books
at the school library
had been checked
out on Joe Montana.
So the mom says, well, we'll
go down to the city library.
We'll find one.
So he was in the city
library for an hour
while his mom and the younger
daughter were outside playing.
For an hour he searched.
He came out so
frustrated, he thought
he was-- he was about at tears.
He said, mom, all the
books have been checked out
on Joe Montana.
I can't find one.
Then she remembered about
"Hiring the Heavens."
She said, I've got
an idea for you.
Why don't you go back in
and look one more time.
And he resisted,
and she insisted.
And so he turned
around, walked back in,
she gathered up the
daughter, and followed him
about three minutes behind.
And there he is standing in
the checkout line with a 12
by 18 book, with the word
Montana across the top
and a picture of Joe, which
is exactly what he wanted.
So she said, this is perfect.
Where did you find this?
Oh, did I tell you that she
hired a spiritual homework
assistant?
I think that I missed that.
>>REGINA: So we get
that she hired someone,
because she had read your book.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, she remembered
about "Hiring the Heavens,"
and hired a spiritual homework
assistant to go with him
and help him find this book.
So there he is,
standing in line,
and she asked him
where he found it.
He says, well, mom, I went
back to the sports section
where I'd looked before.
And I thought to myself, what if
a book fell behind the shelves?
So I stuck my head in between,
and there was this book on end.
And I pulled it
up, and here it is.
Now here's the
end of this story.
The part that just goes
into the realm of miracles,
you cannot explain
this any other way.
That book was not in the
library's computer system.
It's like--
>>REGINA: Isn't that amazing?
>>SLATTER: How do
you explain that?
>>REGINA: You don't.
>>SLATTER: And talking
about miracles,
I mean, I just
could go on and on.
>>REGINA: I mean, the thing
is people catalog these,
and they write to
you from everywhere.
You've heard thousands of these.
>>SLATTER: They do.
And it's important
not to dismiss these.
I mean, that is a miracle.
And we try to find some way
that we can rationalize this,
some way that we can
logic it, but I'll
tell you another story.
And this came from some
lady that wrote to me.
In the book, I tell a story
about a jewelry sleuth
that found a missing pearl.
Well, she wrote to me and said--
>>REGINA: Not the woman in
the book, a different one?
>>SLATTER: A different one.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, yeah.
So she wrote to me and said
that her mother had passed away,
and the one thing she really
wanted to have from her mother
was an opal ring that had
been promised to her since she
was four years old.
And after a year and a half
of scouring her mother's home
trying to find that ring,
she had all but given up.
Then she read
"Hiring the Heavens."
And read the part in
there about another person
who had hired a
spiritual jewelry sleuth.
So she thought,
what the heck, OK.
So she hired that same jewelry
sleuth to find that ring
and to bring it to her.
Two weeks later, she's doing
her laundry, all right?
You've got to picture this.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: She's
doing her laundry,
and there is-- she's
matching up socks.
There's one of them
that is all knotted up,
so she's untying
the knot, and she
feels something heavy in there.
Reaches her hand in
and pulls out the ring.
>>REGINA: And are these
socks she had worn before?
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: This
is, I mean, that's
where you have to-- I mean,
it's very tempting to write that
down, and that was really
weird, and just forget
about categories,
but the fact is
that is what we and our
guides are capable of.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because they work
beyond, A, the time space
continuum, beyond
physical density.
>>SLATTER: They don't
have limitations.
>>REGINA: They don't
have our limitations.
We, our higher half,
our higher self,
doesn't have those
limitations either.
But I mean, that,
I mean, it does
sound like a flat out miracle.
And there are others.
I mean, there are
times when guides
come in and help with
emergency situations.
And you know of some of these.
I know of some.
I have to share one
I learned of recently
that was just astounding.
And you know of
very similar ones.
This is one of our interviewees
had a near death experience.
And he told me this off camera.
When he was young,
many years ago,
he was riding a motorcycle
in another country.
And he was riding fast, because
he was a young man, right?
But as he was coming down
the freeway at about 90 miles
an hour, he saw far
off in the distance
a large truck, a
semi-truck, and it's
as though something in his being
was magnetized to that truck.
He didn't know what it was,
but he kept looking at it
as though he didn't
know what it was.
He was still in the
moment riding his bike,
but he was very aware of it.
When it came time
for the two to pass,
the truck went over the barrier
region right into his lane.
He was trapped, because
another car was right here,
so he had nowhere to go.
So he knew it was over.
He closed his eyes and
just let it happen.
And as he closed his
eyes, a voice said to him,
open your eyes and you
will see more beauty
than you have ever seen.
And he thought, why
should I open my eyes?
I have only a second
or so to live.
But he did, he opened his
eyes, and he was somewhere else
completely.
It was an amazing story.
He was somewhere else, shown
other things, other realities.
And in a very
quick space of time
experienced many, many
things in another place
beyond the time space continuum.
But what actually happened
is his bike was crushed.
He was found by the police just
sitting on the road, untouched.
>>SLATTER: Amazing.
>>REGINA: He didn't
have a scratch on him.
He was just sitting on the
road about 100 feet away.
He has no knowledge, no
one has any knowledge
of what actually
happened to him.
And a very similar thing with
a friend of mine recently.
He lost-- it's horrible.
He lost his son
to a car accident.
His daughter, then, last year,
was in a horrible car accident
where she should have been dead.
And she, afterwards, she came
out with just a broken ankle.
Even her dog was OK.
And what happened-- and what
happened according to her
was she said, I don't
know, just as impact came,
I felt my brother's
arms around me,
and I don't remember
anything else.
She was fine.
She lived through it.
The car didn't.
I mean, it was mangled.
She should have been dead.
And so this is where our
guides are intervening
without our request
on an emergency level.
I think many of us have
experienced degrees of this,
like the people in this Baylor
study they were talking about.
>>SLATTER: Right.
Yes.
And so if they can intervene
in a time of crisis like that,
is there a way that we can
also bring that power in just
on an everyday level?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I'm going to tell
one more little one.
This one's personal.
We only have a
couple of minutes,
then we're going to break.
And I can tell it that fast.
I was in Paris, and
I was with my son.
And we went down into the
Metro system underground.
And I'd been in that
system many times,
and I don't make mistakes
when I read the signs.
I mean, I never have, ever.
And this particular day, I
read the signs, we go down.
We get on the train,
find out we're
going the wrong direction.
I thought, how did that happen?
I know what I saw.
I said, come on, honey,
grabbed his hand,
ran up across the top,
down, got to the platform
to go back where we were.
And got back there to the
train we should have been on,
and the doors closed.
I'm like, the doors
closed right on us.
I mean, we were right there.
Then all of a sudden,
no more trains came.
Then I started to hear--
people were piling up,
it was sweaty, rush hour.
Suddenly, I hear
over the loudspeaker
some kind of information
being given but my French
was not good enough to
understand the nuances.
And everyone's going,
ah, and it turns out,
it made the television, that
car we would have gotten in
was blown up at the next stop.
Many people died in that famous
Parisian Metro terrorist event
that occurred.
And I kept thinking, I
don't know how I misread it.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
>>SLATTER: When you have
an experience like that,
it changes you forever.
>>REGINA: It does.
Well, you certainly know
you've got help anyway.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: And with that,
sometimes the things
we want to happen don't happen.
And there's a reason
for that as well.
And we're going to take a little
break for a couple minutes,
and when we come back,
we'll talk about that.
>>SLATTER: OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA: I have
to tell you what
just happened on the break.
And it may have happened to some
of you watching this right now
as a matter of
fact, because this
is what this-- that's why I
just love your work, Jean.
This is what it brings up.
Jay, who is our producer here.
Some of you may have read
some of Jay Weidner's books.
He also hosts here on occasion.
He said I got to tell
you what happened to me.
He said, I was driving in
the country years and years
ago on my motorcycle.
Motorcycle, Jay?
>>JAY: Car.
>>REGINA: Car, reckless, driving
too fast on a country road,
and he admitted it.
And he said, all of a sudden
he heard a voice, slow down.
And he thought, OK,
wherever that came from,
I will slow down.
And as he came
around the corner,
there was a little
kid on a tricycle.
Saved that little guy's life,
and thank you for sharing that,
Jay.
And your life as well.
I mean, again, I think that's
what's so amazing is he said,
gee, I had forgotten
all about that.
Not even putting together
that whatever was helping him
with that can help them with
this show and everything--
every other challenge Jay.
>>SLATTER: And that's it.
And so we have something
extraordinary happen to us,
and then we think that it
is just that one event, just
that one thing is where
we got intervention.
But what if it could be
so much more than that?
>>REGINA: Well, and
that's the point isn't it?
>>SLATTER: Yeah,
what if it could
be something that is part
of your everyday life?
Honestly, Regina,
I have used-- I've
talked to my spiritual
hires every single day
for 15 years or more,
and there is just
not a day that I don't
tune in several times a day
and talk to my guides
because-- to bring them
in for everything.
>>REGINA: And I have to say,
after I met you and interviewed
you the first time, and then,
because I had read this book,
and it struck me the same way.
I was like, gosh, why am
I doing this all the time?
I started doing that as well.
And I am constantly
shocked and delighted
at the clever ways, when
I put something out there,
that the requests are answered.
And they are virtually
always answered.
But sometime-- now, I
don't have this too much,
I mean, there's very little
that they don't take care of.
Whether it's my higher
self, whether it's
my guides on the outside,
I don't really care.
It's taken care of.
But the thing is,
there are sometimes
people have written to you
and said, you know I asked,
and it didn't happen.
And let's talk about
that phenomena.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, and you know,
there could be several reasons.
But here's the
most important part
to remember is to write
down these things that
happen that are miracles
and remember them.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SLATTER: Because, for
me, I don't get everything
that I ask for.
I don't.
But I never go to that
place where I say, well,
I know you guys have taken
care of me the last 100 times,
but you didn't do it this time.
So there, I've lost faith.
I never go to that place.
>>REGINA: That's what they
call throwing the baby out
with the bath water.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
So remember the times
that they do work for you.
And then sometimes there's
a whole issue with timing
that you can't explain.
>>REGINA: That, I would
say, because I might
ask for something, it might
take time for it to happen,
but I know that.
I mean, they're
manifesting things
in a clever way on a
lot of different levels.
It doesn't mean it's
going to happen tomorrow.
But it always happens.
>>SLATTER: I had two
people write to me
that used that same
jewelry sleuth,
and they asked
for an entire year
for their ring to be replaced.
And they were-- one lady said
that she looked in her jewelry
box, and she had a place where
her ring was supposed to be
and wasn't there.
And she said, please
return it to me,
and she looked, she said, month
after month for that ring.
And she wrote to me, and she
said, it's still not there,
it's still not there.
After one year--
>>REGINA: She found it.
She put it out.
>>SLATTER: One morning,
she opened that drawer,
and there it was.
Can you imagine how you'd feel?
I mean, to me, sometimes
it feels almost as
if that is a way of
emphasizing that this is truly
a miracle that's happening.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: And I had to go
through quite a test of faith
when it came to writing my book.
I got the message from
my spiritual book writing
committee that I needed
to get this published
through a major publisher.
And I said, well, who
should I send it to?
And they guided me and
said New World Library.
Now, New World Library
published "The Power of Now."
I looked them up, and I said,
oh, this is a great place.
I'll send my book off to them.
Little did I know that that's
not the way you publish books.
>>REGINA: No, it
doesn't work that way.
>>SLATTER: Little did I know
that what you're supposed to do
is go to these very
expensive seminars.
>>REGINA: And
agents, and so forth.
>>SLATTER: And get an agent.
You're supposed to learn how
to write your book proposal.
You're supposed to do a
press kit, and all that,
and submit your proposal to at
least 30 different publishers.
You're going to get turned
down by all of them.
Hit the next set
of 30 publishers,
and the list goes on and on of
the things you have to hope,
finally, somebody
picks up your book.
But you can't do
that when you're
talking about
"Hiring the Heavens."
You can't do it the hard way.
So I simply asked them, who's
going to publish my book?
And I submit my book
to New World Library,
without a book proposal,
without a press kit, nothing.
Just a little note that
said you guys are the ones.
And then I waited.
Gosh, two weeks went by,
and they didn't call.
A month, two months, three
months, four months, and I'm
thinking, why
aren't they calling?
And I knew, I knew
I heard right.
And I knew that they would,
but five months goes by,
six months, and on the
seventh month they called.
Now, why did it have
to take seven months?
I don't know.
To this day, I still don't know.
>>REGINA: That's
the thing that we
don't understand in
many things in life.
And when I work with
my own intuition
and with my own
guides, that's why
I'm so patient on
the time element,
because there are variables
that we are not aware of.
For everyone, for example,
trying to get your book
published.
Maybe they were going
through a transition
in their editorial
team at that time.
And it might have been that
the editors at that time
would not have been
open to that message.
Maybe a new person had to come.
Maybe someone got sick.
You don't know all of the
factors that happen just
to have a book put into
print, for example.
And then there's
another area, too,
and that is you're talking about
beings of consciousness that
have their own internal
moral guideline, so to speak,
in terms of what they're
willing to help you with.
Which, is for the most part,
ask and you shall receive.
Ask and you shall receive, but
if you're asking for something
that either they can see is not
in your best interest, period.
>>SLATTER: Thank goodness.
>>REGINA: Or it's maybe not
even in their best interest
to get involved in that one.
That's another level here, and
want you to talk about that.
>>SLATTER: I'm so grateful
for that, because there
have been things that I've
asked for that, in my enthusiasm
for the moment, I
thought that I wanted.
Thank goodness they knew better.
Like, when I first
started speaking
about "Hiring the Heavens,"
I thought, oh, I'm
going to be in front
of 2,000 people
and doing these fantastic
seminars and all of that.
Well, I realized that
what they did instead
for me is gradually built
up my audience level.
They started small,
and they gradually
began to add more
and more people.
If I had been hit right
off the bat with 2,000,
I would have gone nutty.
>>REGINA: You wouldn't have
been able to handle it.
>>SLATTER: I would
have gone nutty.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SLATTER: So thank goodness
they know what they're doing,
and they've got my
best interest at heart.
>>REGINA: And it's
interesting, because there's
another little conundrum here.
One of them is you say, you
can be very specific with them,
and you can.
You can say I need a
blue blouse, and I'm lazy
and I hate to shop, and show
me a picture, where do I go?
On the other hand,
when you're looking
to manifest things of a larger
nature that really take buy in
and cooperation on
a lot of people,
it's almost better to ask
those kinds of things,
from my own perspective
and experience,
on a little more
open ended level.
Which then gets you into
more of the feeling of it.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: And let's
talk about the feeling,
and then I want to segue
into "The Power of Now,"
and actually-- not "The
Power of Now," but "The Law
of Intention" and get into
the differences here as well.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, yeah.
You know when I was
first writing the book,
my developmental
editor turned me
on to "The Law of Attraction."
And when I was first reading
about it, I thought to myself,
this is how this is working.
But as the years
have gone by, I have
come to believe that it's
very, very different.
And this whole idea of
"The Law of Attraction"
is about finding the right
formula to do it right.
You have to do it with feeling.
You have to have
your emotions in it.
There's all sorts of rules
about, well, be specific.
Or be specific, and then ask
once, and then let it go.
Don't ask again.
Or that you've got to
be in the present tense,
and you can't say the word want.
And the list goes on and on.
And then even when
it's not working,
then it goes into well, why?
I think I'm doing
everything right,
so why isn't it
happening for me?
Why am I not manifesting it?
Well, then, you find
out, well, you've
got to deal with your
subconscious beliefs.
And then you've got to
deal with your karma.
And oh, it just goes on
and on of all the things
that might be in
the way of you not
manifesting what it is
that you were asking for.
So I realized, once I learned
more and more about it,
it's not that it negates
"The Law of Attraction,"
I believe that "The Law
of Attraction" works,
but there's so much more.
There's something beyond that.
And that is this law of
grace where none of that
is necessary, none
of that is required.
And this whole idea of feeling
and an attitude of gratitude
ends up happening by
being a playful creator.
And that was the biggest
thing that I got out
of working with
this whole notion
and inviting in
this unseen help.
As the years went by, I began to
really understand that who I am
is a creator.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: Who am
I is a creator.
And that's what I'm here to do.
I'm here to create.
And all of the heavenly realm
is here to support me in that.
And it's not about
me figuring out
how to do things just right, so
that I can be worthy of that.
It's not about that.
It's about me deciding how
I want to create my life,
and then calling
upon that assistance.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, and
the other element of that
is there has to be an internal
sense of congruenty or truth.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now that's one
thing that happens a lot.
People will say, I really want
to have this particular job,
and I want to make
this amount of money.
But maybe it's driven by a fear.
And this is really critical.
If it's driven by a fear,
like I really should do this.
It's not that I really
want, it's that I really
should do that, because
I really need that.
That is not the same kind of
appeal that you're putting out.
That is not that joyful
creation or co-creation
that you're talking about.
It's actually,
oftentimes, even a lie
that we're telling
ourselves out of need.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: Can you talk about
that, and some evidence
you've seen of that as well?
>>SLATTER: Well, you know,
it's kind of interesting.
When we come to a place
where we are asking either,
or our motivation is a fear,
or a concern about worthiness,
you know what I have found
is that we don't ask then.
We don't even ask.
Then we try to figure it out.
>>REGINA: You know, some
people will, they'll beg.
I need that job so badly.
Even if that job's the worst
thing in the world for them.
>>SLATTER: Exactly.
And thank goodness
then that our guidance
knows what's in our
highest and greatest good.
And I just find that those
requests aren't fulfilled.
But I have also seen that in
times when we feel like we are
unworthy to ask, then we won't.
We'd rather not.
And this happened one
time when a lady came
in who had, like you,
purchased, I don't know,
20,30 books to give out to
all of her friends and family.
And she was having a ball
with it, absolute ball.
And she was doing everything
from clearing away
the bees from a party,
keeping the bees away.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: Or winning a raffle
ticket, little things like that
that put a smile on
your face and just
make you feel so
joyful and so light.
But she said to me,
there is one thing
that I haven't been
able to ask for.
And I said, well, what's that?
And she says, well, I borrowed
my grandmother's diamond
bracelet, and I lost it.
>>REGINA: Oh, more
jewelry stuff.
>>SLATTER: Yeah, she's
like, I'm just terrible,
and I haven't been
able to find it.
I haven't been able to
admit to my grandmother yet.
It's been a couple
weeks, and I know
I've got to confront
her and tell her
that I don't have
your diamond bracelet,
but I just am so
scared to do that.
And I feel so bad.
And I said, oh, you
feel that because--
>>REGINA: You're a bad girl.
>>SLATTER: --you're
a bad girl that you
can't ask for the
heavens to bail you out.
I said forget that.
Ask.
So immediately, she did.
She said, OK, well, help
me find my bracelet.
She left my office, goes out to
the car, she gets in the seat.
And then promptly gets out,
because a thought occurs to her
that maybe it's under the front
seat of the driver's seat.
It's under the seat.
She pulls the seat forward,
and there's the bracelet.
>>REGINA: Yep, there you go.
So it doesn't require
our being a saint.
>>SLATTER: No.
>>REGINA: It requires our being
here in a body on this planet,
and this is--
>>SLATTER: And just being human.
>>REGINA: And being
human, and this
is a cooperative arrangement
with these other realms.
Now I want to talk about the
other realms a little bit, OK?
Because some people
are very sensitive,
and can see into these
other realms, like the women
you talked about that
could see angels.
And there are other people who
can see in this near dimension,
often called the astral
realm, which oftentimes, maybe
disincarnate beings are there,
haven't fully made transition.
It's an in between space.
Now what happens
when people, maybe it
might be interfacing
with that thinking
that these are their guides.
Because there are a lot
of beings of all kinds
wanting our attention.
>>SLATTER: Yeah.
Yeah, now what I do is I
call on a specific talent.
So if I am needing
help with my car,
I call on the
spiritual mechanic.
And believe me,
they're brilliant.
They're absolutely brilliant.
I find going shopping for gifts,
I call upon the gift angel.
If I am needing help
putting on a party,
I put together a whole
committee for a knock
your socks off party.
>>REGINA: So you're not
interfacing with those others,
because you're
being very specific.
>>SLATTER: I'm callin upon a
specific talent and ability.
And I think that
makes a difference,
and I have a very optimistic
viewpoint of the world.
And I believe that
as above, so below.
And I think everything
mirrors everything.
And so being in the
world of natural health,
I can tell you about bacteria.
So let me tell
you, you know what
happens in the
world of bacteria,
and I think that is reflected
across the universe.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SLATTER: So in bacteria, there
are thousands and thousands
of strains of bacteria,
and that our lives depend
on these strains of bacteria.
And out of all of them,
there's only about 10%
that is maybe our
bodies could do without
or our world could do without.
And then, it seems
like, out of that,
2% would actually do you in.
So out of all these thousands
of strains, there's only 2%
that will do you in if they
got the chance, all right.
Well, think about that.
If we take that same
analogy and place it
into the spiritual
realm, we have
98% of this whole
entire spiritual realm
that is there to assist us.
In fact, we couldn't
live our lives--
we couldn't be the creators
that we are without their help.
>>REGINA: I think that's true.
And so if you have
something that you
feel kind of creepy that's going
on, if anyone watching this
has experienced that,
where you think,
oh, I don't want to
call in anything.
I don't want to call
in the evil forces.
The intention, the feelings you
have, really are everything.
And I agree.
I think you're right on.
>>SLATTER: You're
missing out on 98%.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
because, again, being
very specific, optimistic,
and expecting an outcome,
and this is a really big
part, is the expectation
of the outcome, you're not going
to be drawing the other in.
If you're super
clairvoyant and sensitive,
and you happen to be aware of
other entities, separate issue.
There will be beings who
will come and be trying
to get your attention,
tap you on the shoulder,
maybe even persuade you,
maybe even surf along and have
a drink with you.
If you've gotten into
some bad habits--
So what?
>>SLATTER: That has
never been my experience.
>>REGINA: That's
not your experience.
>>SLATTER: Never
been my experience.
>>REGINA: Right.
And actually, it's not mine.
I can see other beings,
but that doesn't
mean they're there to harm me.
It doesn't mean that they're
influencing me negatively,
but I just wanted to bring
that in because some people are
afraid of engaging
invisible forces,
because they could be negative.
But if you're not already
really bent that way,
that's not what's going to
resonate with you at all.
>>SLATTER: And furthermore,
I will say this.
That this is a gift
to you of grace.
That, as I said before, this
is nothing that you can earn.
This is simply a gift to you
because you are a creator.
And because it is a gift,
how can you honor that?
The best way you can
honor it is to use it.
If you don't call upon
this vast resource
and bring that to use
in your everyday life
to create joy, and happiness,
and fulfillment in your life,
if you don't use
that, you're not
honoring this very,
very precious gift
that's been given to you
simply because you're alive.
>>REGINA: Right, and
you're negating it.
You're not just not honoring
it, you're negating it.
And by actually taking the
time to write some of it
down, for example, and
say, asked for this,
this is what happened,
you're starting
to reinforce a sense a
very deep communication
and trust within your own being.
And if you can foster
that, then we're
looking at now going
into a higher purpose.
And I know in your
workshops, you often
work on the subject
of connecting
with this for finding your,
really, your mission in life
or your darma in life.
And you have to go into
trust in order to do that.
>>SLATTER: And that's the thing.
As I've worked with
this, it really
has rocked my world
in an amazing way,
and it's totally
changed how I view life.
And the first big major epiphany
was that we are a creator,
and that we are divinely
sanctioned to be creators.
And the second big epiphany
was that not only is
this entire celestial realm here
to assist me and my creation,
but there's also something
that they're hiring me to do.
It's as if I have a job, and
they can see my unique light,
and say, OK, we have Jean
to do this particular job.
And I'm here to talk
about getting everybody
to hire the angels.
That's my job.
That's what I'm here to do.
>>REGINA: And the thing
is, if each one of us
is paying attention,
we know when
we're begging for that
job, because we really
need the money.
We know inside if
we're really listening.
We know that, no,
this isn't being
done for the correct reasons.
And it takes
courage and maturity
to be able to utilize this in
a way that is productive for us
on a day in day out basis.
You can't go begging at
the alter of anything
and expect that you're
going to get help.
>>SLATTER: Right.
So for anyone out
there listening
who is uncertain about what
their mission or their purpose
in life is about,
then I suggest to them
to put together a life
purpose committee.
And ask the members
of this committee
to tap them on the shoulder and
to begin to highlight for them
of what their
purpose is and begin
to bring to their attention what
their gifts and talents are,
and how that can be of
service to the world.
And what it is that their unique
light can bring to the world.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I think that's a great idea.
And now, a couple of
areas we didn't get into,
which there are three
of them, actually.
One of them is, if they
can't get through to you,
maybe they'll get through to
your neighbor, or your friend,
or your spouse, or child,
and get the message
through that way.
Oftentimes, they'll work
with other people around us
if we're particularly distracted
or not paying attention.
You have a couple
of examples of that.
Just maybe give us one good one.
>>SLATTER: Well,
I have often seen
messages delivered to
me from other people.
And I think probably
my favorite story
about that was when I was
given the message that I
needed to write this as a book.
So I immediately put together
a book writing committee,
and I said, oh
gosh, you're going
to have to help me with this.
I have no idea how to
even begin writing.
This is not my forte.
This is not my business.
What do I do?
Help me develop this.
And I received a phone call the
very next day on my answering
machine from a perfect
stranger who said,
hi, my name is so and so, and
I'm a developmental editor,
and I was just
wondering if you had
any book projects
you were working on?
>>REGINA: Again, you
can't make this stuff up.
So, the message
got through to her.
And this happens.
I find this a lot where I'm
thinking about something,
I'm contemplating
something, and then
maybe later that day,
someone comes up to me
and says something that is
the exact thing I was thinking
about and helps me
put it in perspective.
So that happens.
The other one is
we have crossovers.
For me, it happens a
lot in this crossover
time between dream
and wakefulness.
Dream time and wakefulness,
I'll hear things.
I'll be given very specific
kinds of messages, for example.
>>SLATTER: I receive wonderful
messages in my dreams.
So much so that it's as
if the dreams-- I even
see myself sleeping in my dreams
as almost I'm a third person.
And I will communicate to myself
like it's me talking to me.
>>REGINA: Interesting, yeah.
>>SLATTER: And
telling me things.
And I believe that that's
another way that my angels will
get to me is through
my dreams, and they'll
give me those messages.
If I'm not clueing in
on what's going on,
they'll give it to me in
a dream very directly.
>>REGINA: And this is
another thing that, I think,
where journaling can be
particularly important.
And I interviewed
Robert Moss, who
has written some beautiful
books on dream time.
And he's saying
that if you actually
start listening to what is being
given to you during dream time,
and you start writing it
down, then what happens again,
this same thing comes back.
You start strengthening
the relationship
with that aspect of your
being, or the beings
on the other side.
>>SLATTER: That's right.
The most important thing
is you said, you listen.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SLATTER: You listen.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SLATTER: And how many
times have we had it,
I mean, we've talked about
this, where we do get a message
and we don't listen.
That happens.
>>REGINA: I stopped
that a long time ago.
No, no, Scott, my husband is--
I mean, one of them a few years
ago, I woke up and I heard,
"You need to sell your house.
Do it now.
Put your For Sale
sign in the ground."
And this was my beloved home in
Sedona, my community, my heart
community of friends
that I adored.
And it's, no, no, no.
And but it was very clear.
You're to do this, and
you're to sell it now.
Well, what happened is, because
we had started our company
Conscious Media Network, it
took all our money and resources
to do.
And it was at a time, really,
we had to make a change,
but I would have hung in
there until we probably
lost the house.
And so what happened is,
preemptively, my guide
said do this thing now.
So it gave me just enough
months to do a little work
on the house, hire an agent,
get the agent out there.
And sure enough, she sold
it at literally the top
of the market,
because within weeks
that's when the housing
bubble happened.
And the prices started tumbling.
>>SLATTER: Everybody should
have a spiritual financial
committee.
>>REGINA: And the
prices tumbled,
and we got out of it
OK in the nick of time.
Had I not been given that
message at that time,
and been willing to listen
to it in spite of the fact,
emotionally, I did not
want to hear that message,
I just learned
don't mess with it.
When it comes through loud and
clear, you don't mess with it.
>>SLATTER: Same thing
happened to me prior to 2008.
I got a message from my
spiritual financial committee
to remove all of
my money where I
had it invested in my IRA
over to another account
guaranteed return.
And I did that.
Everything.
I got the message
move everything,
don't even diversify,
just move everything.
Shortly after I did,
the market plummeted.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And you know, I mean, I think
a lot of people listening
to this right now
might think that,
oh, well that's
great for you guys.
No, this is something
that happened for me
one thing at a time, where I
thought, hey, wait a minute.
I asked for help, and
I actually got it.
And I had to learn to-- because
I can be pretty left-brain.
I had to learn to have
confidence in that the same
as you did.
And I mean, that's obviously
why I resonated so strongly
through your book.
And even so, as I
said earlier, I still
wasn't using it all the time.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: And so
this is actually
a relationship as very real as
the other people in your life.
>>SLATTER: Yes.
>>REGINA: You can't
drop the ball on it,
or you're not going
to get anything.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: And I want to
bring up one more thing,
because this is
important, and we've only
got a couple of
minutes left here.
And that is you
mentioned dousing earlier
with your clientele
as a naturopath.
You use dousing to be able
to tap into their field
and allow their guides
to work with you.
>>SLATTER: Right.
>>REGINA: And tell you
what that body is needing.
And let's just-- we only have
maybe three or four minutes.
Can you talk a little
bit about dousing.
>>SLATTER: Well, dousing--
>>REGINA: Because it's
another interface.
>>SLATTER: Yes,
using a pendulum,
some sort of divination tool.
So what I do is when I'm in
an area that I'm unfamiliar,
like say I want to
ask a legal question,
then I'll hire a
spiritual lawyer
to answer through my pendulum.
Or if I'm working with
a client, I always
connect in with my spiritual
physician to work through me
and answer through my pendulum.
Or if I am working with
somebody doing life coaching,
then I hire my
spiritual life coach.
>>REGINA: And I bring this
up, because some people don't
feel comfortable
with the notion you
may have to wait
and hear something.
I mean, some people
are clairaudient,
other people are visual, others
you work very well with all
of the common divination
devices, a pendulum being one.
A lot of people
dousing for water.
I mean, this has been
used throughout history.
It's nothing but the same thing.
Connecting with an
energetic matrix
and allowing it to
feed back energy.
And I bring this
up, because there
may be some of you who
have a little pendulum
someone gave you long ago
that's sitting around.
And through this you can
also connect with these guys.
>>SLATTER: And talk to
your heavenly hires.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SLATTER: So when
you, say you've
hired them to take care of a
party that you're putting on,
then you could ask
with your pendulum, OK,
have we got the guest list OK?
Have we got the food ordered?
Is everything in order?
And you could use your pendulum
to just kind of communicate
and check in.
>>REGINA: Yes, and I find
that particularly useful.
And I have to say that in all my
years doing the work that I do,
I will check in.
I check in before
almost every interview.
It's very rare that I
don't check in on someone.
A lot of times there might
be someone really famous,
and they would like to be
interviewed, someone well
known, and I get-- no, I'm
getting a no on that one.
And so I won't do it, and
I think, God, that's silly.
I mean, the person's popular.
And then someone
completely unknown,
a quirky little
subject, and I'll
get a big hit, a yes on it.
So even for the
work I do, I always
check in on an
intuitive level first.
Whether it's, again, my
higher self giving me
the info, guides,
it doesn't matter.
So far, cross fingers,
it's worked really well.
We have just a few
seconds left, Jean.
So I want to thank you so
much for being with us today.
I know this is like a big
rah-rah thing, and lots
of little stories,
but this is probably
one of the most critical
things we can ever do.
>>SLATTER: I'll tell
you what, if you're not
"Hiring the Heavens," life
is harder than it has to be.
>>REGINA: I agree
with you, and as you
may have gathered by now, we
use this on a daily basis.
And so I can tell
you with certainty
that your life will definitely
flow more smoothly as ours do.
And with that, I urge you,
pick up a copy of Jean's book
and start using it.
Use your unseen friends, your
higher self, because it works.
And you might want to even
pass it on to friends.
So until next time, thank
you for joining us here
at Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]